By the way, before wrapping up this live coding session,
I just would like to fix little things here and there
in the AbstractEntityManager class.
We have a persist method here that is using a statement,
and a statement is something that should be closed.
So here, we really should call this statement.closeMethod,
and, in fact,
the right way of doing that is to use this try with resources pattern.
We do not need to add anymore code than this one.
And when exiting this try, this statement will be properly closed,
and the same goes for the find class.
Here, we have two elements that we need to close,
the PreparedStatement and the resultSet.
So let me add this code here like that.
Let me add some indentation, and in that way, our PreparedStatement and resultSet will be properly closed.